docs/UserGuide.md, before:

# User Guide

## Introduction

SplitLah is an application for keeping track of expenses during group outing sessions, specifically for those who are 
budget conscious. It then proceeds to split the expenses according to the group members' individual costs for the 
activities they participated in, for a particular session, via a Command Line Interface(CLI).

## Quick Start

{Give steps to get started quickly}

1. Ensure that you have Java 11 or above installed.
1. Down the latest version of `Duke` from [here](http://link.to/duke).

## Features 

{Give detailed description of each feature}

### Creating a session: `session /create`
> Creates a new session to be managed by SplitLah. <br> 
> Sessions are a way for the user to manage their gatherings that happen across the day.

Format: `session /create /n [SESSION_NAME] /d [SESSION_DATE] /pl [NAME1 NAME2 ...]`

* `[SESSION_NAME]` refers to the name of the session.
  * The session name is **case-insensitive**.
* `[SESSION_DATE]` refers to the date of the session.
  * The format of the date must be in `DD-MM-YYYY`.
* `[NAME1 NAME2 ...]` refers to a list of persons involved in the session.
  * Each individual name is **case-insensitive**.

> **Notes:**
>- The `[SESSION_NAME]` should be unique across sessions.
>- Each name in `[NAME1 NAME2 ...]` for the session should be unique.

Example of usage:
1. Adds a new session named Class Outing with Alice and Bob involved on 15-03-2022.
   - `session /create /n Class Outing /d 15-03-2022 /pl Alice Bob`
   
![Session create command Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AY2122s2-cs2113t-t10-1/tp/master/docs/images/userguide/SessionCreateCommand.png)
<br>
<br>
### Deleting a session: `session /delete`
> Deletes an existing session that is managed by SplitLah. <br>
> Sessions are a way for the user to manage their gatherings that happen across the day.

Format: `session /delete /sid [SESSION_ID]`

* `[SESSION_ID]` refers to the unique identifier of the session.
    * The unique identifier for a session can be retrieved with `session /list` command.

Example of usage:
1. Remove an existing session that was created with a session unique identifier of 1.
   - `session /delete /sid 1`
> **Notes:**
>- The session with a unique identifier of `[SESSION_ID]` has to exist before the activity can be created.

![Session delete command Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AY2122s2-cs2113t-t10-1/tp/master/docs/images/userguide/SessionDeleteCommand.png)
<br>
<br>
### Listing all sessions: `session /list`
> List all sessions that were previously created.

Format: `session /list`

Example of usage:
![Session list command Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AY2122s2-cs2113t-t10-1/tp/master/docs/images/userguide/SessionListCommand.png)
<br>
<br>
### Creating an activity: `activity /create`
> Creates a new activity within a particular session to be managed by SplitLah. <br>
> Activities are a way for the user to keep track of the activities and their respective costs throughout a session. <br>
> Other information include the person who paid for the activity and the people involved in the activity.

Format 1: `activity /create /sid [SESSION_ID] /n [ACTIVITY_NAME] /p [PERSON_PAID] /i [NAME1 NAME2 ...]
/c [TOTAL_COST] [OPTIONAL_ARGUMENTS]`

Format 2: `activity /create /sid [SESSION_ID] /n [ACTIVITY_NAME] /p [PERSON_PAID] /i [NAME1 NAME2 ...]
/cl [COST1 COST2 ...] [OPTIONAL_ARGUMENTS]`

* `[SESSION_ID]` refers to the unique identifier of the session.
    * The unique identifier for a session can be retrieved with `session /list` command.
* `[ACTIVITY_NAME]` refers to the name of the activity.
    * The activity name is **case-insensitive**.
* `[PERSON_PAID]` refers to the person who paid for the activity.
    * The person's name is **case-insensitive**.
* `[NAME1 NAME2 ...]` refers to a list of persons involved in the activity.
    * Each individual name is **case-insensitive**.
* `[TOTAL_COST]` refers to the total cost of the activity.
* `[COST1 COST2 ...]` refers to a list of costs respective to each person involved in the activity.

> **Notes:**
>- The session with a unique identifier of `[SESSION_ID]` has to exist before the activity can be created.
>- The `[ACTIVITY_NAME]` should be unique across all activities.
>- Each name in `[NAME1 NAME2 ...]` for the activity should be unique.
>- The names in `[PERSON_PAID]` and `[NAME1 NAME2 ...]` have to be names that are already captured in the session with
   a unique identifier of `[SESSION_ID]`.

Examples of usage:
1. Adds a new activity in a session with a session unique identifier of 1, named Class Lunch, where Alice paid for both
   Bob and herself with a total cost of $10.
    1. `activity /create /sid 1 /n Class Lunch /p Alice /i Alice Bob /c 10`

<br>[INSERT SCREEN SHOT]
<br>
<br>
2. Adds a new activity in a session with a session unique identifier of 1, named Class Lunch, where Alice paid for both
   Bob and herself. Alice's meal costs $3.50 while Bob's meal costs $7.
    1. `activity /create /sid 1 /n Class Lunch /p Alice /i Alice Bob /cl 3.5 7`

<br>[INSERT SCREEN SHOT]
<br>
<br>
### Settle all transactions for a session: `session /summary`
> Prints out a summary of the session to tell you, for that session, who needs to pay how much to another person
> in order for everyone to have no remaining debts and no more debt to collect from others.<br>
> This helps you to quickly calculate all payments that have to be done at the end of the day for a group outing.

Format: `session /summary /sid [SESSION_ID]`

* `[SESSION_ID]` refers to the unique identifier of the session.
    * The unique identifier for a session can be retrieved with `session /list` command.

Example of usage:
1. Get a session summary for an existing session with a session unique identifier of 1.
    1. `session /summary /sid 1`

<br>[INSERT SCREEN SHOT]
<br>
<br>
## FAQ

**Q**: How do I transfer my data to another computer? 

**A**: {your answer here}

## Command Summary

{Give a 'cheat sheet' of commands here}

* Add todo `todo n/TODO_NAME d/DEADLINE`

Commit message:

Add notes to user guide for session summary feature
Update note for session delete feature

docs/UserGuide.md, after:

# User Guide

## Introduction

SplitLah is an application for keeping track of expenses during group outing sessions, specifically for those who are 
budget conscious. It then proceeds to split the expenses according to the group members' individual costs for the 
activities they participated in, for a particular session, via a Command Line Interface(CLI).

## Quick Start

{Give steps to get started quickly}

1. Ensure that you have Java 11 or above installed.
1. Down the latest version of `Duke` from [here](http://link.to/duke).

## Features 

{Give detailed description of each feature}

### Creating a session: `session /create`
> Creates a new session to be managed by SplitLah. <br> 
> Sessions are a way for the user to manage their gatherings that happen across the day.

Format: `session /create /n [SESSION_NAME] /d [SESSION_DATE] /pl [NAME1 NAME2 ...]`

* `[SESSION_NAME]` refers to the name of the session.
  * The session name is **case-insensitive**.
* `[SESSION_DATE]` refers to the date of the session.
  * The format of the date must be in `DD-MM-YYYY`.
* `[NAME1 NAME2 ...]` refers to a list of persons involved in the session.
  * Each individual name is **case-insensitive**.

> **Notes:**
>- The `[SESSION_NAME]` should be unique across sessions.
>- Each name in `[NAME1 NAME2 ...]` for the session should be unique.

Example of usage:
1. Adds a new session named Class Outing with Alice and Bob involved on 15-03-2022.
   - `session /create /n Class Outing /d 15-03-2022 /pl Alice Bob`
   
![Session create command Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AY2122s2-cs2113t-t10-1/tp/master/docs/images/userguide/SessionCreateCommand.png)
<br>
<br>
### Deleting a session: `session /delete`
> Deletes an existing session that is managed by SplitLah. <br>
> Sessions are a way for the user to manage their gatherings that happen across the day.

Format: `session /delete /sid [SESSION_ID]`

* `[SESSION_ID]` refers to the unique identifier of the session.
    * The unique identifier for a session can be retrieved with `session /list` command.

Example of usage:
1. Remove an existing session that was created with a session unique identifier of 1.
   - `session /delete /sid 1`
> **Notes:**
>- The session with a unique identifier of `[SESSION_ID]` has to exist before the activity can be removed.

![Session delete command Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AY2122s2-cs2113t-t10-1/tp/master/docs/images/userguide/SessionDeleteCommand.png)
<br>
<br>
### Listing all sessions: `session /list`
> List all sessions that were previously created.

Format: `session /list`

Example of usage:
![Session list command Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AY2122s2-cs2113t-t10-1/tp/master/docs/images/userguide/SessionListCommand.png)
<br>
<br>
### Creating an activity: `activity /create`
> Creates a new activity within a particular session to be managed by SplitLah. <br>
> Activities are a way for the user to keep track of the activities and their respective costs throughout a session. <br>
> Other information include the person who paid for the activity and the people involved in the activity.

Format 1: `activity /create /sid [SESSION_ID] /n [ACTIVITY_NAME] /p [PERSON_PAID] /i [NAME1 NAME2 ...]
/c [TOTAL_COST] [OPTIONAL_ARGUMENTS]`

Format 2: `activity /create /sid [SESSION_ID] /n [ACTIVITY_NAME] /p [PERSON_PAID] /i [NAME1 NAME2 ...]
/cl [COST1 COST2 ...] [OPTIONAL_ARGUMENTS]`

* `[SESSION_ID]` refers to the unique identifier of the session.
    * The unique identifier for a session can be retrieved with `session /list` command.
* `[ACTIVITY_NAME]` refers to the name of the activity.
    * The activity name is **case-insensitive**.
* `[PERSON_PAID]` refers to the person who paid for the activity.
    * The person's name is **case-insensitive**.
* `[NAME1 NAME2 ...]` refers to a list of persons involved in the activity.
    * Each individual name is **case-insensitive**.
* `[TOTAL_COST]` refers to the total cost of the activity.
* `[COST1 COST2 ...]` refers to a list of costs respective to each person involved in the activity.

> **Notes:**
>- The session with a unique identifier of `[SESSION_ID]` has to exist before the activity can be created.
>- The `[ACTIVITY_NAME]` should be unique across all activities.
>- Each name in `[NAME1 NAME2 ...]` for the activity should be unique.
>- The names in `[PERSON_PAID]` and `[NAME1 NAME2 ...]` have to be names that are already captured in the session with
   a unique identifier of `[SESSION_ID]`.

Examples of usage:
1. Adds a new activity in a session with a session unique identifier of 1, named Class Lunch, where Alice paid for both
   Bob and herself with a total cost of $10.
    1. `activity /create /sid 1 /n Class Lunch /p Alice /i Alice Bob /c 10`

<br>[INSERT SCREEN SHOT]
<br>
<br>
2. Adds a new activity in a session with a session unique identifier of 1, named Class Lunch, where Alice paid for both
   Bob and herself. Alice's meal costs $3.50 while Bob's meal costs $7.
    1. `activity /create /sid 1 /n Class Lunch /p Alice /i Alice Bob /cl 3.5 7`

<br>[INSERT SCREEN SHOT]
<br>
<br>
### Settle all transactions for a session: `session /summary`
> Prints out a summary of the session to tell you, for that session, who needs to pay how much to another person
> in order for everyone to have no remaining debts and no more debt to collect from others.<br>
> This helps you to quickly calculate all payments that have to be done at the end of the day for a group outing.

Format: `session /summary /sid [SESSION_ID]`

* `[SESSION_ID]` refers to the unique identifier of the session.
    * The unique identifier for a session can be retrieved with `session /list` command.

Example of usage:
1. Get a session summary for an existing session with a session unique identifier of 1.
    1. `session /summary /sid 1`
> **Notes:**
>- The session with a unique identifier of `[SESSION_ID]` has to exist before its summary can be generated.

<br>[INSERT SCREEN SHOT]
<br>
<br>
## FAQ

**Q**: How do I transfer my data to another computer? 

**A**: {your answer here}

## Command Summary

{Give a 'cheat sheet' of commands here}

* Add todo `todo n/TODO_NAME d/DEADLINE`
